Q.What do you understand By Database.
ANS ->  
	The data and the DBMS, along with the applications that are associated with them, are referred to as a database system, often shortened to just database.
Data within the most common types of databases in operation today is typically modeled in rows and columns in a series of tables to make processing and data querying efficient.
The data can then be easily accessed, managed, modified, updated, controlled, and organized. Most databases use structured query language (SQL) for writing and querying data.

Q.What is Normalization?
ANS -> 
		Normalization is the process to eliminate data redundancy and enhance data integrity in the table.
		Normalization also helps to organize the data in the database. 
		It is a multi-step process that sets the data into tabular form and removes the duplicated data from the relational tables.

Q.What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS?
ANS -> 
       DBMS                                   
       - DBMS uses file system to store data,so there will be no relation between the tables.
      - DBMS does not support distributed database.
      - DBMS is meant to be for small organization and deal with small data.it supports single user.
      - Examples of DBMS are file systems,xml etc.
 RDBMS

 - RDBMS supports distributed database.

- RDBMS is designed to handle large amount of data. it supports multiple users.

- Example of RDBMS are mysql, postgre, sql server, oracle etc.

Q.What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?
ANS ->
	 Codd’s rule in DBMS also known as Codd's 12 rules/commandments
is a set of thirteen rules (numbered 0 to 12) 
that define a database to be a correct Relational Database Management System (RDBMS). 
If a database follows Codd's 12 rules, it is called a True relational database management system.

Q.What do you understand By Data Redundancy?
ANS ->
	 Data redundancy occurs when the same piece of data exists in multiple places, 
whereas data inconsistency is when the same data exists in different formats in multiple tables.
Unfortunately, data redundancy can cause data inconsistency,
which can provide a company with unreliable and/or meaningless information. 

Q.What is DDL Interpreter?
ANS ->
	 DDL Interpreter DDL expands to Data Definition Language. 
DDL Interpreter as the name suggests interprets the DDL statements such as schema definition statements like create, delete, etc.
 The result of this interpretation is a set of a table that contains the meta-data which is stored in the data dictionary. 

 Q.What is DML Compiler in SQL?
 ANS ->
	It processes the DML statements into low level instruction (machine language), so that they can be executed. 

 Q.What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints
 ANS ->
	 SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table.
Constraints are used to limit the type of data that can go into a table. 
This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. 
If there is any violation between the constraint and the data action, the action is aborted.
Constraints can be column level or table level. 
Column level constraints apply to a column, and table level constraints apply to the whole table.

The following constraints are commonly used in SQL:

NOT NULL - Ensures that a column cannot have a NULL value
UNIQUE - Ensures that all values in a column are different
PRIMARY KEY - A combination of a NOT NULL and UNIQUE. Uniquely identifies each row in a table
FOREIGN KEY - Prevents actions that would destroy links between tables
CHECK - Ensures that the values in a column satisfies a specific condition
DEFAULT - Sets a default value for a column if no value is specified
CREATE INDEX - Used to create and retrieve data from the database very quickly

Q.What is save Point? How to create a save Point write a Query?
ANS ->
	 Savepoint is a command in SQL that is used with the rollback command.
It is a command in Transaction Control Language that is used to mark the transaction in a table.
Consider you are making a very long table, and you want to roll back only to a certain position in a table then; this can be achieved using the savepoint.
If you made a transaction in a table, you could mark the transaction as a certain name, and later on, if you want to roll back to that point, you can do it easily by using the transaction's name.
Savepoint is helpful when we want to roll back only a small part of a table and not the whole table. In simple words, we can say savepoint is a bookmark in SQL.

Q.What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?
Ans ->
	 trigger is a stored procedure in a database that automatically invokes whenever a special event in the database occurs. 
For example, a trigger can be invoked when a row is inserted into a specified table or when specific table columns are updated in simple words a trigger is a collection of SQL statements with particular names that are stored in system memory. It belongs to a specific class of stored procedures that are automatically invoked in response to database server events. 
Every trigger has a table attached to it.
Because a trigger cannot be called directly, unlike a stored procedure, it is referred to as a special procedure.
A trigger is automatically called whenever a data modification event against a table takes place, which is the main distinction between a trigger and a procedure.
On the other hand, a stored procedure must be called directly.
